this is the movieclips weekly five where
we give you five things to be excited
about in the entertainment world this
week a film adaptation of bryan cave ons
popular comic series y the last man may
finally go into production next year the
series has been in development for years
going through a number of directors and
potential stars including DJ Caruso of
Eagle Eye and Shia LaBeouf the current
director attached is Dan trachtenberg
who directed the portal short no escape
producer David s Goyer of the dark
knight and Man of Steel says the film
will stand alone but hopefully lead to
sequels the trailer for Martin
Scorsese's new film the wolf of Wall
Street hit earlier this week the film
based on the book by Jordan Belfort and
written by Terence winter the creator of
Boardwalk Empire follows Belfort's time
on Wall Street which includes fraud
cases and mob infiltration with the
caliber of talent involved one could
assume the mastery of craft present in
the film but what is perhaps most
surprising is the amount of humor in the
trailer the film stars Leonardo DiCaprio
with a supporting cast including Jonah
Hill Matthew McConaughey and Kyle
Chandler the film opens on November 15th
sony has really shown its confidence in
their new spider-man franchise by
announcing the release dates for the
third and fourth installment which are
set to come to theaters in June of 2016
and may of 2018 respectively with the
amazing spider-man 2 set to release next
May that makes sony slate filled up for
the next five years it is still unknown
whether Marc Webb who is directed the
first two installments will return to
direct all the upcoming films even
though the Avengers 2 is still two years
away from being released rumors are
already starting to swirl about the new
plot and what characters will be
involved the latest rumor came from joss
whedon himself we gave the implication
that loki the main villain in the first
Avengers may not even appear in the
sequel he spoke about this on the Empire
podcast saying that if people are
looking for another Hulk vs. a low key
moment they will be disappointed being
that Loki will not be there to instigate
such an exchange we will find out if
there's any truth to these rumors in
summer 2015 the trailer for 300 rise of
an empire was finally released the
sequel to Zack Snyder's filmed from 2006
about 300 Spartans who battled the
Persian army was directed by Noam Murro
Helmer of the 2008 indie comedy smart
people while the trailer does not seem
to imply a big departure from the
original 300 it does feature the same
intense action in striking visuals using
CGI imagery
the feel of Frank Miller's original
graphic novels the film stars sullivan
stapleton eva green and rodrigo santoro
and was originally set to be released
this summer but was pushed back to march
of next year this was the movie clips
weekly 5 click to subscribe and remember
to comment below to let us know what
you're excited about this week thanks
for watching